1. Which decimal number is represented by the binary number `1 0 1 1 0 1 1 0`? - 182
1. What does ARP stand for and what does it do? - Address Resolution Protocol resolves MAC addresses with IP addresses.
1. Which statement is not true of a subnet mask? - Subnet masks are sent out as one of the fields in the IP packet
1. Here are three IP addresses: 216.53.12.11, 130.222.255.170, 223.255.6.88. What class of addresses are each one (in order)? - C, B, C
1. An organization has five campus buildings. They want each building to be on its own subnet. Each campus will need a minimum of twenty-five IP addresses. The organization has the Class C network address 217.105. 2.0 assigned to it. Using CIDR, what subnet mask will yield the minimum number of subnetworks with the maximum number of hosts per network that will meet the requirements of the organization? - /27
1. A company has subnetted their Class C network address into four subnets with a /26 subnet mask. What are the addresses of the four subnets? - 0, 64, 128, and 192 represent all of the possible values of 1s and 0s in the first two columns of the fourth octet in a Class C address: 0 0, 0 1, 1 0, and 1 1. Place those values under a 128 and a 64 and calculate the results. The leftmost two bits of the fourth octet are masked - the 128 and 64 column - using any combination of 1s and 0s in those columns, it would not be possible to generate a 1, 2, 3, 4 or 8. It would also be impssible to generate a 32 or 16 so the other choices are incorrect.
1. Which service does not automatically assign an IP address to a host? - Static
1. Which choice is true of a rogue DHCP server? - A rogue DHCP server can assign incompatible IP addresses to hosts.
1. Which of the following is not a "special" IP address? - 169.253.4.185
1. Which symptom is not a result of an IP addressing problem? - There is nothing wrong with assigning static IP addresses so long as the rules of assigning addresses are followed. Duplicate IP addresses and duplicate MAC addresses can cause one or both hosts with the duplicated address to lose communication. Configuring a host to refer to the wrong gateway will result in no connection beyond the local area network (LAN).
